Iox #14 user header example (#753)
eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx: doc/website/getting-started/examples/user_header.md

---

> title: Using a custom user-header for additional meta-information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using a user-header for additional meta-information like timestamps
```
